gh-151039: Fix a crash when `_datetime`types outlive `_datetime` module (#151044)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2026-06-07-17-29-33.gh-issue-151039.AZ0qBn.rst

> Fix a crash when :class:`datetime.timezone` outlives ``_datetime`` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a crash when static :mod:`datetime` types outlive the ``_datetime`` module.
```
To cover all of them, e.g. `timedelta`.
